Zach North
603885768
Lab 1

1.
Answer:
man -k keyword

2.
Answer:
cp is located at /bin/cp
wc is located at /usr/bin/wc

3.
Answer:
X is a window display for users using the X window system. It lets you display graphic
windows using linux.
[ is a synonym for test. It allows comparisons of two files.
w shows who is logged on to the current server and what they are doing.

4.
Answer:
If the clock jumps forward from 2 to 3, the jobs that would have been run in the time
inbetween will be run soon after the time change. If the clock jumps backwards from 
3 to 2, the jobs in between will not be rerun.

Thus if the command is scheduled to run at 230, if the clock jumps from 2 to 3 it will be run right after the clock shifts.
If the clock shifts back from 3 to 2 it will not be run a second time.

5.
Answer:
Running cc invokes the GNU C compiler. Because no files were passed in to be compiled,
the program immediately exits.

6. 
Answer:
The g tag indicates that the all users in the file's group will be affected by the 
change. The - tag indicates the following file mode bit will be removed, and the 
s tag indicates the file mode bit is the ability to set user or group ID on execution.

7. 
Answer:
The whereis command takes a file name as an input and outputs its
directory. This is useful if you just need to know the location of
the file.

8.
Answer:
You can use the -mtime flag to specify the time at which the file's
data was last modified. It uses days, so you would use -mtime 3 as the 
flag to look for something last modified at most 3 days ago.

9.
Answer:
(A lot of files)
...
./Application Data/Adobe/Flash Player
./Application Data/Adobe/Flash Player/AssetCache
./Application Data/Adobe/Flash Player/AssetCache/KVDZ3K4G
./.viminfo
./.vimrc
./.lesshst


10.
Answer:
You would use the -type l flag to specify you were only looking for
symbolic links. Running the command
find -type l
gives a large list of symbolic links. However we can run
ls | wc -l 
(given to us by the TA) to count the number of lines/links given.
It returns 1879 symbolic links.

11. 
Answer:
"ls" was written by Richard Stallman and David MacKenzie.

12.
Answer:
You can use the -l flag for ls to give a verbose output, and the 
-t flag sorts the output by age. Thus you can just enter
ls -t -l
and look at the bottommost file, in our case this is:

-rwxr-xr-x   1 root root     2960 Jul 11  2006 libpspell.so.15.1.3

13.
Answer:
While this gives a lot of odd answers we can scroll to see the list of
all commands that begin with "wh" and read what each of them do.

whatis               (1)  - search the whatis database for complete words
whereis              (1)  - locate the binary, source, and manual page files
for a command
which                (1)  - shows the full path of (shell) commands
which               (rpm) - Displays where a particular program in your path
is located.
whiptail             (1)  - display dialog boxes from shell scripts
whline [curs_border] (3x)  - create curses borders, horizontal and vertical
lines
whline_set [curs_border_set] (3x)  - create curses borders or lines using
complex characters and renditions
who                  (1)  - show who is logged on
who                  (1p)  - display who is on the system
whoami               (1)  - print effective userid

Command to tell you your name: whoami
Command to tell you what "whoami" does: whatis whoami
Command to tell you the location of a program that will
run if the program is typed at the prompt: whereis theprogram

14.
Answer:
The d command is the delete command. It waits for the next keystroke
to tell it how far to delete. Generally you then hit the command of
the "length" of your delete -- in this case, w indicates that the
entire word should be deleted. Thus the dw command deletes the current
highlighted word.

15.
Answer:
Locale gets its infomation, as stated in the man page, from the 
LC_* environment variables. These are the user's environment variables
and are found in different locations depending on the distro of linux.


